# Women-leadership-and-empowerment-training
A shift towards women's empowerment is in progress. With a loud voice, gender equality is now a full-force movement. The conversation centered around complaints and inactivity of bridging the gender income gap happens no longer.
Gender inequality within the leadership roles has been built over the passing time. Non-comprehensive working customs and forms have cultivated patriarchal cultures and stereotypes. The statistics are encouraging; the effort to overcome all the barriers of male-dominance in business sectors have been achieved. The business sectors are now being driven by some of the world's leading women in the industry. 
Women empowerment training for gender equivalence is a transformative procedure, and it aims to deliver knowledge, techniques, and tools to enhance skills and changes in the attitudes and behaviors of the women. It is a continuous long-term training procedure that requires the commitment of all women in order to create inclusive societies that identify and promote the need for gender equality.
Women empowerment training is a strategy for collective transformation towards gender equality by spreading awareness and encouraging women to learn, build knowledge, and develop skills. It makes the men and women understand the role gender plays. Women empowerment training for gender equality is part and parcel of delivering the promises to provide equal human rights for all women.
But can the gender imbalance solely be held responsible for past systems of business patriarchy? Or is it a matter of corporate industries not providing space for women to empower and thrive in?
In contemporary times, there has been a focus on women empowerment training, as companies need to facilitate the space and policies to develop women's leadership and empowerment. 
The gender pay gap is arguably the most significant barrier between women and career progression. It has been previously debated that the lack of women in senior executive positions is due to the lack of incentive. The gender gap is an economic and competitive overbearing that matters to everyone and this training for women empowerment is an action to the evolution of women leadership and empowerment. And also, to create significant opportunities for women to close the gap.
People use digital technologies to connect, learn, and work is tremendous. The digital sectors offer countless opportunities that, if harnessed, empower <a href="https://www.empoweress.in/leadership-management/iq-to-eq-an-evolution-in-leadership/">women leadership and empowerment</a> would be quite easy.
Career Strategy: There is a need to make a plan or strategies and encourage women to aim high, inform them with the available career choices, and manage their careers proactively. 
Tech immersion: Advancement in tech skills can increase the chances of women in the workplace and help condense the pay gap. Tech careers allow for full-time work, with senior career advancement in high-paid industries. Tech-knowledge is in trend aggressively and will soon become a necessity.
Several factors can achieve women's empowerment by empowering women with educational opportunities, participation in the political aspects, and indulgence in economic opportunities and micro-credit programs. There can be several forms of empowerment required by women according to their needs and necessities.
Women empowerment training can also be considered as a missile for lessening poverty. After independence, poverty has its dominance over India. Women's leadership and empowerment can be well-defined as giving power and authority to make her own decision in every part of life, as well as household, economic, social, political, etc.
